Well what's up my people and it's going to be a
video for the main channel about this
but the truth is that I woke up today lazy
and not lazy but I'm really going to
wait because I really have to make a
video on my
main channel about these people because there is
a lot to cut in a lot of cloth
I have to inform myself well about what is
true what is a lie what is
said and such knows and gives for you not to
really have to leave in the description
surely if I don't forget a video
that the nico teca made is worthless or
coteca I trust and some videos that are out
there on the internet these people that are
good to think about no but I want to
tell you here live more or less
what it is about because the truth
when I get up until tomorrow and I have
seen the news I said
wow what things what turns life takes
no what things life has and there are many
people who say no this is karma and I would
say carvalho I would not call this
our karma already maria and progressia
hypocrisy or progressive hypocrite all
together is worth it because it can train you of
history  they found out the story and
find out about the efe and found out that you can't
talk if you have things to
hide you can't you can't be like that you ca
n't be like that because in the end
the boomerang effect comes to you okay
as many of you know well I'm waiting for
trial it's better not because
she and her mother sued me for totally
absurd things things that make no sense
lying throughout the entire lawsuit you're going to
read put a lot of things that are
complete lies when the
trial is over and when there is the first
sentence and I say first sentence
because these things usually have
at least two instances okay there will be
a sentence in the first instance whoever
loses will appeal for sure and then it will be done
but oh well when I have the
first sentence we will talk and I will
tell you the entire complaint completely to
upload to the main channel and there are many
things that you don't know Valencia I still
owe you when the trial is over a good video
where I am going to analyze point by
point all the things that they put in
the lawsuit okay at the time in the video
that I made on the main channel well I
only gave you an answer to what
the media said and
she did not  several insults to put but there are
many more things in the
lawsuit ok for example in a video it
says that I say one thing and the
video downloads and the video is not even about it
ok the lawsuit is for you to see it ok
when the time comes I will read the
complaint to you at the level looked at that gives an
example ok I
can't talk much at this service layer
because I'm going to leave everything so that for
an example you know the meme s the
wind michu of I prefer to like
animals the
whole internet knows that one because the
whole internet the
whole internet was very good at the sm
when hui michu made the video saying
I prefer to like animals okay well
in a joke that I made in a
video saying I don't like
animals they put it in the
complaint as if I called him an animal
I would love okay when both she and the
mother and the lawyer himself know very
well that this is an internet meme by
win michu and that I'm saying it because
uy michu his friend
says that he prefers to like
animals well that is the level of the
lawsuit taking things from here things from
there  taking it out of context taking advantage of the fact
that the judges don't understand youtube and
don't know the memes trying to slip in the okay they've
put in videos like
I might eat and I'm
criticizing the mulberries and you put it in
as if it were for her imagine an
insult to the flower it was this flower it was the I do
n't know what good she filed the
complaint and it says in such a video she calls me I don't
know what and it's not her okay and progressia ha ha ha ha ha ha
new term I
hear javi oliveira I'm stopping by to say
hello and wish you the best as
always ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
thanks planet thank you very much
anyway I don't think the judge will slip in anything you
've put in because come on we're going to
fight it until the end you know
the danger is that the good one understands
some baby that the good thing and that's how the
complaint is that these people know the
complaint like that until you get an
idea to death they take a video and I
'm saying that I'm telling you there's a
video in which Antonio is I'm
telling how Antonia has gone there
sending my private conversations
meaning that I wanted to force
with line a and there's a video where I
'm telling it or Antonia Allamand has
done a lot of twitter or Antonia has had
enough and I didn't send it to anyone
because if I say who she flirts with you already
know
and they have put it in and it says that I say
that the daughter only manages to advance in her
career by who she flirts with or in other words, she changes
my phrase completely to make her
appear at that level in the lawsuit okay
when the lawsuit is already and when
the trial is over the sentence for carrying
a video telling everything even if the
judge condemns me for something that is
very important to us
even if he condemns me I know why of the web
well look in this video yes because
such and they tell me well come on Javito two
thousand euros even if they condemn me for something it must be
possible a video and without forgetting they have
put into this this this this is and
also I'm going to explain many things
that you don't know and that you're going to flip out several
things that she has done to me that
you have no
idea and when it is known you are going to
freak out the internet is going to freak out when it gets
out you have no idea although I tried
and imagine well maybe they have done in
fact maybe they have done you have no
idea of the things they have done to me behind my
back and that we have been collecting
evidence this year
by well the internet is going to freak you out
when it gets out and that on top of that after
all those things they are capable of filing
a lawsuit well I think they filed the lawsuit
because they didn't expect that
I was going to find out about those things okay
but much stronger than breaking up your
marriage well that's separate there are
many more things that you don't know and you're going to be
amazed okay the thing is that I would have to
make a video the time has come
not of the
result of the lawsuit and such one of
the things that most because I filed the lawsuit
in the beginning well I was not going to tell it
myself all the personal things that
happen behind the camera and such there are
many that I don't tell - there are things that
remain in the private sphere and for
example when there are issues of complaints and
so on well I usually wait for
a sentence or for something to be done a
procedure to tell it  so I have
done it, I was not going to tell it,
years ago I followed you in the shadows and I
spend my time working and listening to all the
salseros but since I am a girlfriend it's
official I wish you the best of success
thank you very much Celaya well then
welcome and may it remain forever
I was not going to tell it publicly since
well from the maquila the letter arrived and I
saw the complaint we began to examine the
videos and it is that as it is that
even if they had not done
anything to me that there is also the guiding spirit
even if they had not done anything to me it
is that you go to the videos that she
is reporting and I do not say what they
say videos have been taken in which
maybe I am reading several
thank you very much girlfriend also or I say video in
which maybe I am reading the
forum gossiping imagine that I download
a message I say a message from the
daily forum and I say for I do not know that I do not know
how much it is stupid okay and she has put it
as if I were saying it
literally when you put the video it is seen
that I am reading the forum not that I say it
or that  it's the level of the demand
okay since the demand I trust in
justice quietly okay
and well the thing is that I was not going to
say it in public, I was not going to tell the
subject of the demand in public until what
until the sentence was no but
seeing them thank you Jose thank you very much
seeing them that I did not make it
public what they did was that it
began to appear in the media suddenly
the main medium that published it was
facua
facua for those who do not know what it is
okay outside of Spain
this is a consumer defense association
this is a subsidized organization
in Spain for the consumer it
is not a news medium it
is an association for consumers
that is also financed with the money of
the Spanish people it is part of you greetings my
weapon greetings Franco apart from the members
who charge a fee it is also worth
being subsidized
with my money with the money that I pay in
taxes the salaries of these
people who have written this news
throwing [ __ ] on YouTube Javier
Oliveira sued for harassing I love it
because they think that by putting harassing in
quotes they will go away  to free myself from having to
rectify this okay, he has been sued for
harassing a young woman and her mother from his
channel the plaintiffs are my area and
antonia throws all kinds of sexist insults at him
they stayed with things and of course I
am going to ask that this be rectified both
to this one and to all the
media but when
a process first goes through this has to be
rectified because I have not been
sued for harassing these people people
on the left are always like this not when they
want to tarnish their image they want to
make you a harasser sexist and these
things so as not to be anti-progress and the
insults are not sexist it seems to
begin with that the insults are lies I
mean all I enjoy filing the
lawsuit are not against her okay a large part of it is
about lying in the video I made
last year and when the time comes we are going to
read the entire lawsuit point by point
and see what part of it
is true
none basically okay
total this facua public or not
people jumped on it no my god what a
shitty news what the hell is a
consumer association doing giving this
news it is not  protects very strongly, not
a consumer association, these
people have nothing, they have to release news
that they have reported and the shade can
report a Vodafone that a user
has charged, they have a bill, no, no,
well, suddenly they release news about a
YouTuber with 200,000 subscribers, okay, and
not only the official FACUA page
but this man called Rubn
Snchez who could have
perfectly informed himself of the news, to have
countered the information because he is
my neighbor, okay, he even meets me
at the gym, but it's not worth it, he decided to
take it personally and because he wanted to
take it personally, well, I say
take it personally because when he
shared the news, don't harass a
young woman and her mother, not a young woman, it's not worth it, the
first thing is that this young woman and her mother
are not anonymous, they are more famous than me, okay,
even if I paint it here putting photos of myself
and her as if she were an angel, okay, I
put the response to that tweet, hey,
since you publish this news, why don't they put it
on FACUA because the
news of all the complaints that they have never come out,
I don't see why you would file a
complaint that they have  reported for
keeping the dog and not returning it I don't
think you're going to file a complaint, a
news story for the complaint that the whole
false complaint is worth it and he answers me
what I can't find are the videos
that you just deleted
this is mind-blowing this is taking his
personal side because if you're going to give a
basically objective news story, these news stories
have no intention of being objective at any
time okay now this news has the
intention of tarnishing my image which in the
end what she always does they
don't file the lawsuit to win it what they
always do is and you know go to
the media and have all these things
come out in the media to tarnish their
image ok in the end there is a percentage of
people who in the end the stain of what is
normal people came down on you it is the
law of the responses to these tweets and
both on twitter and facebook from
facua big people came down on people
because they know me and because they know the
winner they are reporting me okay but
what is happening that this comes out in the
abc sal they made sure that it came out in
many media then my aunt from Madrid
my cousins from Barcelona my aunt  the one of I don't
know what I know older people who don't
move in the world of the internet when I
come when I see a relative of mys on the
news well they scare me they say that's what's
happening then this caused me
problems apart from some brand or another
because of in fact what is she
pretending she doesn't study it will be fixed when it
happens because they haven't reported me
for harassing the complaint was for Derek for
supposedly violating her honor they gave a
judge will have to decide if some of
the insults that they have put in
violate honor her honor okay but this
is taking it personally
[Music]
thanks to Fernando welcome to what I
can't find are the videos that they
just deleted this is taking it
personally
and getting personally involved because it's
very simple if you go to the news
okay well the news basically lies
because they say that they reported me
for calling them
youtube has started a
prestige campaign nothing is worth it calls me pieces of
[ __ ] shameless daughter of a great [ __ ]
bad people in your a piece of [ __ ]
those insults have never ever been directed at her
on my channel never ever okay that
only  manages to advance in her career by
sleeping with a certain
influential person completely lie completely lie
okay absolutely false
this news okay in the
end they make statements here she
both antonia and her mother make
statements in this newspaper okay and
ruben sanchez confirms here that the
lawyer is the same lawyer as the one from
facua or rather her lawyer the same lawyer
as the one in this publication is the same
lawyer as ruben sanchez also I think
they are personal friends okay david
bravo who was a councilor for podemos you
know what ruben sanchez although
this is not supposed to be Nicols
although it is supposed that an association of
consumers financed by
subsidies should not be inclined
to any political party we
see ruben sanchez all day on twitter
publishing everything that is news
against the right okay everything
is very little because he is in charge
of publishing a lot of news on his social networks
that go against the
right for example isabel diaz ayuso has
placed no one who wants to work in this
position and it is as if those of podemos
place nobody, that is to say the minister of
Equality is there because otherwise they would
leave, see you later, a lot of things
that you put on
Rubn Snchez's twitter and it's all publishing
news against the right, okay
because because also, for example, boxing,
well with boxing it's at full capacity, okay because
because you already warned several times
that you want to remove the subversions
from these people, okay, in short,
one of the things that I want you to
stay here is not that he puts something here and
Pineda,
Luis Pineda and Ausbanc, every time
someone fights with Rubn Snchez, says
Luis Pineda, they want Pineda, he's a guy
who really defamed him, he really defamed him
a lot,
Rubn Snchez denounced him and they filed
a huge lawsuit against him, okay, and now
every time he's like, like, every
time they fight with someone and he calls them a
feminist, okay, well, he, Rubn Snchez,
every time he has someone attacking him,
someone criticizes him or something like that, he
says, oh, he's Luis Pineda's friend,
okay, something like that  well what I
can't find are the
videos that he just deleted because
surely he would tell his colleague it's not
something that these people I don't know because I do
n't know where they got it from well yes I know
where they got it they started saying both
this one and in the cowardly line the robbery
the hormone that when facua released this
news I started putting videos in
private and this doesn't make any
sense at all
I knew about the complaint like three or
four weeks before okay well to my
video the complaint you
should be grateful for what they did to you since you
managed to free yourself from those
toxic people greetings from colombia javi
thanks andrea well I already got rid
of those people a long time ago especially
when I started seeing
weird things that the game over was in January
these people started saying that when
facua released the news I started putting
the videos in private and that is
totally absurd apart from being false
next to me in the background pulling they were
reporting videos and there were a few
videos that they deleted for privacy
and it took me like a week or two to recover them okay that's why
the playlist  they
appeared to be available but I have
n't removed any of the videos belonging to the lawsuit it would
n't make sense to
remove it because even if I wanted to
remove it for the lawsuit they already
have it downloaded they are already entered as
evidence in the lawsuit since what
benefit would there be in me removing a
video if that video is already posted in the
complaint the logic would be for me to remove
videos
videos in which they haven't
noticed or whatever you know but
look at what they invent
that I was here given and I started
removing videos like crazy and it's a lie
since it doesn't make any sense why am I going to
remove those videos and those videos
are already in the complaint
and apart from the fact that the videos that came out in
private were not the subject of the lawsuit they
were everyday videos with salsa they were
videos that had nothing to do with the
video that the coroner goes on the forum
en masse to report me do you remember and all of
that is registered on my channel
total that Rubn you and delete things and she is
also stormy but about her
when the lawsuit is over when the
trial is over I will say everything  that both are strange,
okay, because they have carried
tweets, they have deleted tweets when we
responded that all three of us
have them certified, she then
when they saw in the response to the
tweets of hers, they deleted them with me, it doesn't matter, they
are certified,
okay,
but I'm not the one who deletes things,
anyway, we'll go to hers
but Ruben, you go, a folder
where I save tweets that she had,
okay, here, for example, according to this user,
okay, you're drunk, a tweet where they called
a man from the Popular Party an imbecile, okay, a man from the Popular Party,
this tweet you also deleted, okay, I have the
vice
here, according to Rayo, also drunk, I don't know
what tweets,
this other tweet that is no longer there either, and
your timeline, Ayuso thinks that the best thing would be to
let 1 percent of
Madrid die. Wow,
here, drunk, a tweet, I also remember
that it was because they sent you, they posted
a video on you and you think that the video was
current and then apparently the video
was about something else, I don't remember very
well the context of why, well,
chettri, but I have it written down somewhere,
okay, here, I don't just delete this  tweet
okay here it says he rectified I
apologize and deleted the tweet okay here he
himself admits that he deleted this tweet where he
accuses abascal of skipping the
quarantine okay and then he says
several studies suggest that they should be
followed until 21 abascal has fulfilled
the two weeks you had to delete
this tweet but not only that rubeis but you
also deleted this same
tweet this same tweet where he is
acknowledging that you have had to save
tweet and where you apologize he also
deletes it okay and what else the father of
macarena or lonas de boxing was released from prison
less than a year ago
sentenced after a year and a half for
insolvency because this tweet was also
deleted I don't know why but it was also
deleted so cloud
here I would put this clip that will fit you
like a glove listen to you
age
this is a kind of mirror effect not
the one who has committed a series of
practices invents that those practices were
committed by his adversary okay thanks
thanks for reporting 9
this information would not have been possible without you in total
making it clear who is the one who
deletes things okay it is me I had it is
me  I had this thing of posting things and
deleting them like you do and Ruben I ca
n't do it YouTube I'm at the
forefront in the eye of the hurricane and it
occurs to me to post something and then
delete it and 800 people have
downloaded it throwing it at me you know what I
do always thinking very carefully about what I
publish before publishing it so I do
n't have to delete it like
you do no
and I find today things in life
things in life
look at how life is that I
find myself this morning with this headline
Ruben Sanchez is sentenced for insulting
a twitterer to whom he will have to pay
six thousand euros
sometimes Ruben Sanchez of
Facua is sentenced for calling a twitterer pets
Court of First Instance number 83
of Madrid sentences Ruben Sanchez for
slander against a woman whom he
repeatedly insulted
lyingly it
's not something that I'm going to find out on La Sexta
well of course not
apparently according to this news
from ABC well Ruben Sanz was filed
a lawsuit that comes  being the same
lawsuit that they have filed against me but he has
been convicted and it is worthless to me
the funny thing about all this the funny thing about
all this is
that if they have sentenced Ruben Sanz
now, I mean they have already handed down the
sentence
it means that the trial was a
couple of weeks ago it
always happens the same they throw themselves at Javi
thinking that he is a mud wall and they
end up crashing into a
reinforced wall crying with laughter let's see this
mind they are all the same okay they are all the
same but the worst thing is that he
had it very easy to find out about the
news because evidently this is a
favor that he has done for his friend
David Bravo no and well stain my
image cause prejudices well we
will solve that of course the
things that according to ABC well this
news would have to be paid to see but
here it is more complete no Ruben Sanchez
would have been convicted because he would have
called a woman [ __ ] cheater con artist swindler
or pet among
other things no I know this woman
this woman is a woman that if she gets
into her twitter curiously her
account is restricted by twitter things in
life  twitter considers this
profile to
be weird or dangerous okay I don't know why
twitter things no and this woman has
a lot of fights with facua always doesn't she have
a blog that is at facua point maria
rosa diez dot com where you can see a
lot of things okay he investigates in addition
to the subsidies he investigates well they
denounce them several times no the
thing is that this woman has published on
her twitter in her social networks two
sentences okay not only today's but
another this sentence in which she condemns
facua okay condemn facua
to rectify a news story okay
here she condemns it according to this one is this
ruling that maria rosa herself published they
condemn facua to rectify a
news story and today that I have seen it
[Music]
here well she
has also published on her networks
the ruling of what was seen here in the
response
the ruling in which they condemn Rubn to
six thousand euros and 6,000 euros on the they
have condemned
here okay
sentence okay art
partially estimating the lawsuit
filed by rosa diez flaquer against
rubn sanchez garcia and carlos okay this
carlos condemn  said defendant to
pay the area of 6,000 euros are worth
this Carlos was the one who was the cmd the
police several you remember Carlos can you
check them this no the thing the thing is
very curious okay I'm going to put here an
excerpt from
an interview each or Maria Rosa Diez
in a state of alarm honor with
sexist insults to the payment of 6 thousand euros and to
publish for six months the sentence
in their respective twitter accounts I
have yours here
explain that you now we will put it for
our followers so they
can see which is the tweet that leads him to
be justice mentally convicted and
puntanos
well look and the counted the ones I have
uploaded you very very well I am I am
looking for the tweet to explain it
with concrete data what you do Robert
Sanchez in his day was publish a photo
of my dog Pepa and it says exactly in
the tweet
this is the problem of Maria Rosa Diez friend
of Luis Pineda everyone is
friends of the pimple when we are not
against come on friend of Luis Pineda
pretends to be  police advisor and has
several convictions and puts as I told you
the photo of my dog the judge considers
that it is a play on words that they
want to make with the paste and her owner says
that it is not clear what the sense of
making this public position of my
pet is and that it is clear that the
double language that we are
accustomed to is used Sanchez to
attack us and using well this
sexist insult that exposes which has been
sentenced to as you say to pay
six thousand euros and publish what I
am most happy to
publish the sentence for six years
but it is quite
specific I am reading and we are
seeing the tweet quotes a tweet of yours from pipe
for your dog is the one that basically you
know that she has what she has done is not h I am
that chatted message today well has
published has
published this she asked us for 60 thousand euros
well the same as my Antonia Marian asks me
or have they condemned her to pay costs that
could exceed 10 thousand today you will read
sometimes and such no and publish this news
[Music]
publish this news that I do not understand I do
not understand because  in the
news itself I don't know if what he wants
to imply is that she has lost
because they have sentenced her to six thousand
instead of 60 thousand it's like well x for being
in these these complaints they always ask for
addition stosur thanks you did a rap
lucas welcome thank you very much they always
ask for more then on Thursday
consider well what they can put on you
maybe there are many people who maybe
ask for 50 thousand new at least he says well well we
give you a fine of 3,000 I
understand to compensate me for the pain but not
6000 is not the way it is
or rather what he says is that she is
sentenced to pay the costs
and this knows thank you very much
this is very strange because we read
the news okay he says that she will
find her in costs because she has
reported workers of facua okay
here to those responsible for
social networks here I do
n't know how to other people who work at
facua okay it is already close to the sentence in costs
but nevertheless then here he does
admit however well he considers that
rubn sanchez
attacked the honor
and also with the judge he has sentenced
sanchez who presents will present an
appeal this was what I told you that is
always appealed for another
twitter message published year be in the
news itself he admits that he has been
convicted so what doesn't add up to
me here there is something strange what doesn't
add up to me is that they condemn her
against because that is let's see if it is the
same claim it is impossible if it is the
same judicial process it is impossible to
see when they condemn you to pay the costs
okay if you are the complainant okay if they
condemn you to pay the costs it is because they
completely dismiss the claim they do not
accept absolutely anything okay and more
money than my complaint with antonio and
I will make room and he says well he
dismissed almost the entire claim but I am
only going to condemn you to a thousand euros
because in this video I do consider
that you have harmed him and they put a thousand
euros
and condemn me to costs because in order to
condemn me to pay the costs it must be
that they throw the claim at her
completely okay they do not
condemn her to pay the costs either because they have
assigned part of the claim or so
what  to contain you in costs it has to be
that one of the two parties is given that they are
estimated in full ok in the case of the
plaintiff that all are rejected
then he has to pay the costs and
in the case of the defendant that all are
rejected the defense can not be that
something is h they condemn him to do to 6,000
euros and the other things
here the possibilities are that it is because of
course now I start investigating a little
and it turns out that he already has a
news item saying this almost the
same thing ok the flame maybe he gives her the
same nickname and says about condemned to
costs ok on the facua page they
already have the same news but from June
then here you
will take two options I tell you I
am not a jurist or lawyer and I can be
wrong but here I see two options
one of two that she has been condemned
to pay costs for another case and he puts it
here to try to make it less
visible either because then here he does
put that he has been condemned he knows but he
tries to give more hype to the fact that she was
condemned to pay costs or see you have been
condemned no Ruben why don't they put the
headline
Ruben Sanz is sentenced to pay costs, you have lost Victor, thank you very much, churra. Do you know who the options are that when he talks about a sentence to costs, he is talking about another process and in which they are using it to create a smokescreen with his sentence or that they have sentenced her to pay costs
against the other Facua workers? I do not
understand it because if it is the
same claim, I do not understand it,
or rather, it would be best if, as
she also denounced other people here, she is
sentenced to pay costs. What I understand
is that this woman, Maria Rosa, would also
denounce other
Facua workers and in those complaints, she is
sentenced to pay costs, but the complaint
against Ruben Sanchez has been sentenced. Ruben
Sanchez.
But if someone does what the end
for these people, according to what I have seen,
many complaints have been crossed, some
make some other one, the other, I do not know what,
according to what I am seeing here on Twitter,
okay, but of course he never says
when he loses, in the ones he loses, he never
speaks but now I say
now here your headline
now here the headline that you put against
me what
Javi I have to go to God
disappointed face no  disappointments
decision man now you who put the
headline against me it turns out that you
were already reported when you put the
headline why because if the and now they have
given him the sentence it means that
the trial will have been two or
three weeks ago at the most therefore my
trial should have been he is me
but it has been suspended in the meantime for
things that you already know and therefore
more or less according to the date Ruben
was already reported here
or when he put the headline the pse
about me he had a very similar complaint
but he puts a headline about me but
his not yours no truth it does not sapone the
headline about me when you also
after reporting or the differences that I
all facts I enjoy I have told them okay they have
not convicted me nor and I
trust that they will not do it
I trust that they will not do it
and it does not fail man it does not fail